{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Intro Level Script:\
\
Begin in a box you can't escape.  Disable taps.  Disable Growing. Charge begins at 20.\
\
Voice: "Welcome to Volt.  Get a feel for moving by rotating the device.  Tap the screen when you're ready to move on."\
\
Wait 2 seconds.  Enable taps.\
\
-User Taps\
\
Bottom most wall of the box fades away.  Wall textures change to directional wall textures indicating the direction to move.\
\
Voice: "Proceed out of this area to continue."\
\
-User moves to down and out of the box into a tunnel.  At the end of the tunnel is a switch and a gate.  When the switch comes on screen, the movement disables for the user. \
\
Voice: "This is a <battery/switch?>.  When you touch it, it will drain some of your charge.  Eventually it will become fully powered and turn on.  Try turning it on."\
\
-Movement enables for the user.\
\
-User moves onto the switch, loses some of their charge, and eventually turns on the switch.  When the switch turns on, the game again pauses.   The gate above the user slides away and covers another wing of the stage.\
\
Voice: "Nice.  The switch drew some charge off of you and turned on.  That's why you got smaller.  This switch opened a <gate?> for you.  Now you can explore more of the level."\
\
-User moves beyond the gate.  When they pass this threshold enable gaining charge and pause.\
\
Voice: "As you move through the world, friction is going to cause you to gain a small amount of charge over time.  Charge makes you larger and more unstable.  If you become unstable, you'll die."  \
\
Voice: "Your goal is to reach the goal before you become unstable.  It's just ahead, go for it."  Disable Pause.\
\
Users moves to the goal and completes the level.\
 \
\
\
}